BETH HOYT: It's David
Cross, you guys.
DAVID CROSS: Hello.
BETH HOYT: David, thank you
so much for being here.
DAVID CROSS: Sure.
I like this place.
It's adorable.
BETH HOYT: Yeah, so cute.
Now, everyone knows you from Mr.
Show with Bob & Dave and
Arrested Development and The
Increasingly Poor Decisions of
Todd Margaret.
But I'm not here to talk about
questions and your stuff.
We're here to just really--
DAVID CROSS: Why did
you put quotation
marks around questions?
Because it would be questions.
BETH HOYT: I know, but it would
feel like that to me.
That's just an ism of mine.
DAVID CROSS: OK.
It's almost like this part
of your hand is dancing.
BETH HOYT: It's a
twitch I have.
DAVID CROSS: Sorry then.
I didn't mean to--
BETH HOYT: This isn't
about me.
This isn't about me.
I want to get to
what's in here.
I just really want to
cut to the chase.
DAVID CROSS: All right.
BETH HOYT: Yeah, so how much
cash you got in there?
DAVID CROSS: No cash.
I'd be a fool to
keep cash here.
Some notes.
Take my girlfriend
to Artisanal.
BETH HOYT: Good note.
Have you done it yet?
Is there--
DAVID CROSS: My car is parked
on John just passed J right
near Princeps Bianco.
BETH HOYT: It's a red
Pontiac Sunfire?
DAVID CROSS: No.
Also, the shirt I saw in North
Carolina the other day about
SkipSations, which is
a skip-roping thing.
I assume it's gay.
I don't know.
BETH HOYT: Yeah.
Which you're fully
in support of.
You heard him.
DAVID CROSS: Oh, the sign that
the guy in Georgia put up, my
home state, that said--
he owns a bar, and he put a sign
up that says, I do not
support that [BLEEP]
in the White House.
That's my hometown,
my home folks.
BETH HOYT: Yeah.
Holler to the hometown.
So--
DAVID CROSS: Wait,
there's more.
BETH HOYT: Right.
Oh, sure.
I didn't mean to
interrupt you.
DAVID CROSS: Raleigh, clear
the-- all right, that's it.
BETH HOYT: Great.
So underneath that pocket,
I believe there's
a heart back there.
I want to get right into that,
and here's the deal.
The way to just cut to the chase
of who you are inside is
to find a survey by
teenage girls.
So we found this.
This is from my friend, Emily
the Brave's Tumblr.
Everyone's passing it around and
reblogging their answers.
DAVID CROSS: Is she really
your friend?
BETH HOYT: Yeah.
DAVID CROSS: She's
a good friend?
BETH HOYT: She's
a good friend.
DAVID CROSS: OK.
BETH HOYT: I thought we should
just get in there and then
reblog this and reblog
your answers.
I want to just warn you
that some of these
questions are intense.
DAVID CROSS: How old is Emily?
It doesn't matter.
She's a teen.
BETH HOYT: She's between
16 and 36.
DAVID CROSS: OK.
BETH HOYT: So the first
question-- we
just randomly chose.
There's a list of
50 questions.
Here we go.
Have you ever been told
you were amazing?
DAVID CROSS: Yes,
I have, yeah.
BETH HOYT: That's so
great for you.
DAVID CROSS: It was
a long time ago.
I wasn't that cognizant.
It was during my bris.
And I believe I was
eight days old.
But the mohel said that to me,
whispered it in my ear.
BETH HOYT: And you have the
faint memory of it?
Or someone has told you this,
so this story's been passed
down to you?
DAVID CROSS: I'll be
honest with you.
I do have a faint memory.
And I don't know whether I've
conjured that or this thing
has been told to me
so many times.
But I will say this also.
I ride my bike through
Williamsburg sometimes.
And other mohels at this age
have told me the same thing.
BETH HOYT: Those
same two words.
Yeah.
So you protected yourself early
on with giving yourself
that vote of confidence with
projecting that memory, and
now it's reaffirmed by
all of your fans.
DAVID CROSS: Yeah, well, I can't
say that they're fans.
Most of those guys don't
know my work and
speak broken English.
But I assume--
BETH HOYT: They're fans.
They are.
DAVID CROSS: All right.
Or fans in a different way--
BETH HOYT: Sure.
DAVID CROSS: --of different
qualities that I have.
BETH HOYT: Very positive
outlook.
This is good.
We're getting there.
We might get dark in a second.
DAVID CROSS: And you guys at
home should look up the word
"mohel," because then you'll
really have a good laugh.
BETH HOYT: Yeah.
You can do it right now, there
on the internet, or go to your
dictionary book.
Next question, what's something
that bothers you
about girls?
DAVID CROSS: I guess they sound
dumber because their
voice is higher pitched.
BETH HOYT: Yeah, I know
what you mean by that.
DAVID CROSS: And so when a guy
says something stupid as
opposed to a girl, they could
both equally be inane comments
about mundane nothings, but the
girl will sound a little
dumber, especially if it's in
that sing-songy question up
lilt, up tilt thing.
BETH HOYT: The tilt
up at the end?
What's that?
Yeah, that-- uh, you
know, that--
DAVID CROSS: The vocal umlaut.
BETH HOYT: Mm.
But also the same can be said
for the guys, and like
[DEEP VOICE]
you wouldn't like the stereotype
that if they say
something like this, like
that that's always dumb.
DAVID CROSS: It's always dumb.
No, I'm saying they're
both dumb.
It just sounds a
little dumber.
It's unfortunate.
[HIGH-PITCHED VOICE]
Talking like this and it sounds
more [SING-SONGY VOICE]
annoying?
That's more annoying and
[LOW-PITCHED VOICE]
that's kind of annoying.
BETH HOYT: You kind of like
that guy a little more.
DAVID CROSS: But that's
not as annoying.
Yeah, you could hang with
that guy a little longer
[HIGH-PITCHED VOICE]
than you can hang
with this one.
BETH HOYT: And you could
probably tell the guy to shut
up, and he'd be,
like, whatever.
And the girl would be like,
[HIGH-PITCHED VOICE]
well, why?
DAVID CROSS: Yes.
And you could give a warning
hit to the guy.
And you can't do
that to a girl.
BETH HOYT: Yeah, and if
you hit the girl--
DAVID CROSS: No, no.
--it's1 a whole thing.
DAVID CROSS: Yeah, yeah.
BETH HOYT: Next question is,
where is the biggest
scar on your body?
DAVID CROSS: I'm going to guess
it's the liver just out
of the abuse of the
last 48 years.
BETH HOYT: Sure.
Yeah, an internal scar.
DAVID CROSS: Yeah.
The external, on the bottom of
my foot, I have some stitches
where I was in Hawaii, and there
was a red flag thing.
And it's a long story.
BETH HOYT: Not a figurative?
DAVID CROSS: No, a
literal red flag.
Like, you can't go.
And I went out anyway.
And it was one of very few times
I thought I might die.
And I had time to think about
the possibility of dying.
But anyway, I had gone way off
course, and I had to time my
way back onto shore.
But it was all lava rock.
There was no beach
or anything.
And so I just went for it,
and I went flying.
And I cut up the bottom of my
feet and my hands and stuff.
And so that's probably the
biggest scar, is on the bottom
of my left foot.
Right foot.
Left foot.
BETH HOYT: Ouch.
Good story.
Intense, intense.
DAVID CROSS: That's
the biggest scar.
BETH HOYT: Near death.
It's helpful when your
biggest scar story is
a near-death story.
DAVID CROSS: It was
pretty crazy.
It was nuts.
BETH HOYT: Good Well done.
Next question, who do
you think is the
most attractive actor?
DAVID CROSS: John Lithgow.
BETH HOYT: Very affirmative.
I mean, You knew exactly.
DAVID CROSS: Oh, John
Lithgow, yeah.
BETH HOYT: 100%.
DAVID CROSS: Absolutely.
BETH HOYT: I'm not going
to argue with that.
Obviously, you have
your answer.
DAVID CROSS: I would totes
make out with him.
BETH HOYT: OK, I don't mean to
say this, but John Travolta
would've maybe been my answer.
I don't mean to be topical, but
I did write him a letter,
as I was saying,
in high school.
Usually my go-to answer.
DAVID CROSS: I don't think
you said high school.
You said when I was
a kid back--
you just--
that's a little bit
more embarrassing.
BETH HOYT: That's all the time
we have for that part of the
thing today.
DAVID CROSS: You said
when I was a kid.
BETH HOYT: That's all
the time we have.
DAVID CROSS: When I was a kid.
You were in high school.
Come on.
BETH HOYT: We're going to--
DAVID CROSS: For the record, I
wrote John Lithgow several
letters when I was
in high school.
BETH HOYT: Thank you for putting
that out there, and
that's all the time we have.
We have the Tumblr questions,
but don't worry, you guys.
We're going to be retumbling
the answers
and paying that forward.
And now, you've worked with a
lot of attractive actors as
well as probably
some ugly ones.
And a bunch of them are in this
series which maybe some
people have never seen.
It's called Pilot Season.
It's one of my favorite
series on the My
Damn Channel archives.
And we've got a clip from
your performance in it.
We're going to check it
out when we get back.
DAVID CROSS: How many series
on the archives are there?
BETH HOYT: There's like 30.
DAVID CROSS: Really?
BETH HOYT: Yeah, check it out.
When we come back, it's
time for internet Q&A.
[MUSIC  PLAYING]